README.md, before:

**Status: In Development**

> README  is currently in development

### About Me

- I am 21 years old and I am from Guadalajara, Jalisco, México.
- I am a **.NET** full stack developer.
- I am a self-taught and highly creative individual who seeks to learn and improve every day.
- I enjoy working with the frontend because I want to provide the best visual experience for the users who visit my projects.

### Technologies

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=js,html,css,react,git,dotnet,mysql,bash,mongo,unity" height="40"/>
</div>

### Contact Me
<a href="jordi77alva@gmail.com"><img alt="Email" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-jordi77alva@gmail.com-blue?style=flat-square&logo=gmail"></a>  
<!--
**JordyPirata/JordyPirata** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update README.md with LinkedIn and email contact information

README.md, after:

### About Me
- I'm a 21-year-old full stack developer from Guadalajara, Jalisco, México.
- Specializing in **.NET**, I thrive in both backend and frontend development.
- As a self-taught and highly creative individual, I'm always eager to learn and improve every day.
- I’m passionate about backend development, focusing on creating efficient and scalable solutions that enhance the performance of my projects.

### Technologies

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=js,html,css,react,git,dotnet,mysql,bash,mongo,unity" height="40"/>
</div>

### Contact Me
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/alfredo-anaya-006734246/"><img alt="LinkedIn" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Alfredo%20Anaya-blue?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin"></a>
<a href="jordi77alva@gmail.com"><img alt="Email" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-jordi77alva@gmail.com-blue?style=flat-square&logo=gmail"></a>  
<!--
**JordyPirata/JordyPirata** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
